[IMP] subscriptions: update automation rules (#7338)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/subscriptions/automatic_alerts.rst

  :guilabel:`Cancelled`.
- :guilabel:`Stage goes from`: designate when the automation rule should be activated using two
  two fields that represent two different stages of the subscription.
- :guilabel:`Subscription Plans`: choose specific subscription plans to target with the automation
  rule.
- :guilabel:`Products`: select specific product(s) to target with the automation rule.
- :guilabel:`Customers`: select specific customer(s) to target with the automation rule.
- :guilabel:`Company`: select a specific company's subscription data to target with the automation
  rule.
- :guilabel:`Sales Team`: select the data of specific sales team(s) to target with the automation
  rule.

.. tip::
   If any field is left blank, the rule applies to every subscription without that specific
   designation.

.. note::
   The number of subscriptions that match the configured criteria of the customized automation rule
   are displayed at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Apply On` field.

   If that green subscriptions link is clicked, Odoo reveals a separate page showcasing all the
   subscriptions that meet that automation rule's criteria.

Action section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - :guilabel:`Action To Do`: choose the action that will occur once the automated rule is triggered.

Author: I encountered this, as well. I reformatted this lead-in portion to remedy that issue. Thanks for pointing it out! 👍

              the specified criteria of the automation rule.
            - :guilabel:`Send an SMS Text Message to the customer`: sends an SMS to the customer(s)
              who fit the specified criteria of the automation rule.
            - :guilabel:`Set Contract Health value`: set the health value of the subscription
              contract.

.. note::
   If :guilabel:`Send an email to the customer` is selected in the :guilabel:`Action To Do` field,
   the following field appears:

   - :guilabel:`Email Template`: create (and edit) a new email template *or* select from a list of
     pre-configured email templates to send to the customer(s).

   If :guilabel:`Send an SMS Text Message to the customer` is selected in the :guilabel:`Action To
   Do` field, the following field appears:

   - :guilabel:`SMS Template`: create (and edit) a new SMS template *or* select from a list of
     pre-configured SMS templates to send to the customer(s).

   If :guilabel:`Set Contract Health value` is selected in the :guilabel:`Action To Do` field, the
   following field appears:

   - :guilabel:`Health`: designate the health of the subscription by choosing one of the following

>      options: :guilabel:`Neutral`, :guilabel:`Good`, or :guilabel:`Bad`.

Author: No longer a note. 👍

   trigger has been configured for the rule.

.. warning::
   When the :guilabel:`Trigger Now` button is clicked, Odoo will trigger the action on *all* linked
   subscriptions, regardless of possible timed conditions.

If :guilabel:`Timed Condition` is selected in the :guilabel:`Trigger On` field, the following fields
appear:

- :guilabel:`Trigger Date`: represents when the condition should be triggered. If left blank, the
  action will be created at the creation of the subscription *and* when it is updated.
- :guilabel:`Delay After Trigger`: select a delayed amount of time (:guilabel:`Minutes`,
  :guilabel:`Hours`, :guilabel:`Days`, or :guilabel:`Months`) for Odoo to wait before triggering the
  configured action. If a negative number is entered, the "delay" will occur *before* the
  :guilabel:`Trigger Date`.

Activity
********

If :guilabel:`Create next activity` is selected in the :guilabel:`Action To Do` field, a new
:guilabel:`Activity` section appears at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Automation Rules` form.

- :guilabel:`Activity Type`: select an pre-configured activity type of drop-down menu.

> - :guilabel:`Title`: enter a custom title for chosen activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Title`: enter a custom title for the chosen activity.
```

found.

The :guilabel:`Automation Rules` page shows each rule's :guilabel:`Name`, :guilabel:`Action To Do`,
what the automated rule will :guilabel:`Trigger On`, and the :guilabel:`Company` to which the rule
applies.

To view or modify any existing automation rule, simply click the desired rule from this page.

.. note::
   When modifying an existing automation rule, Odoo "grays-out" the :guilabel:`Action` section of
   the form, and provides the following warning: *Action data can not be updated to avoid unexpected
   behaviors. Create a new action instead.*

To create a new automation rule, click :guilabel:`New`.

.. image:: automatic_alerts/automation-rules-page.png
  :align: center
  :alt: The Automation Rules page in the Odoo Subscriptions application.

Clicking :guilabel:`New` reveals a blank :guilabel:`Automation Rules` form with numerous fields to
configure.

.. image:: automatic_alerts/automation-rules-form.png
  :align: center
  :alt: A sample Automation Rules form in the Odoo Subscriptions application.

Automation rule form fields
---------------------------

- :guilabel:`Action Name`: title of the automated action rule.

> Apply On section
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Apply on
~~~~~~~~
```
possibility for brevity and sentence case formatting. Feel free to reject this, as I know you have it written to match the section in the Automation Rule form (:

The :guilabel:`Apply On` section dictates which subscription orders/customers this automated action
applies to.

- :guilabel:`MRR Between`: designate a range of monthly recurring revenue to target.
- :guilabel:`MRR Change More`: designate a change of monthly recurring revenue to target, in either
  percentage or unit of currency.

> - :guilabel:`Over`: choose a period of time over which the designated KPIs are calculated.

Reviewer 2: possibly put KPI in an abbr tag and define what the acronym stands for?

> - :guilabel:`Rating Satisfaction`: designate a :guilabel:`greater than` or :guilabel:`less than` a
>   percentage of satisfaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Rating Satisfaction`: designate satisfaction as :guilabel:`greater than` or
  :guilabel:`less than` a percentage.
```

field, the following field appears:

  - :guilabel:`SMS Template`: create (and edit) a new SMS template *or* select from a list of
    pre-configured SMS templates to send to the customer(s).

If :guilabel:`Set Contract Health value` is selected in the :guilabel:`Action To Do` field, the
following field appears:

  - :guilabel:`Health`: designate the health of the subscription by choosing one of the following
    options: :guilabel:`Neutral`, :guilabel:`Good`, or :guilabel:`Bad`.

In the :guilabel:`Trigger On` field, decide whether the automated rule should be triggered on a
:guilabel:`Modification` or :guilabel:`Timed Condition`.

.. note::
   A :guilabel:`Trigger Now` button appears at the top of the automation rule form *only* when a
   trigger has been configured for the rule.

.. warning::
   When the :guilabel:`Trigger Now` button is clicked, Odoo will trigger the action on *all* linked
   subscriptions, regardless of possible timed conditions.

If :guilabel:`Timed Condition` is selected in the :guilabel:`Trigger On` field, the following fields
appear:

- :guilabel:`Trigger Date`: represents when the condition should be triggered. If left blank, the

>   action will be created at the creation of the subscription *and* when it is updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  action is created upon subscription creation *and* updates.
```
optional

how things are going. That is where Odoo's *automation rules* feature comes into play.

The Odoo *Subscriptions* application allows users to set up automatic emails, create tasks for
salespeople, and even send satisfaction surveys for subscribers to evaluate their experience.

Create automation rules
=======================

To create an automated rule, start by navigating to :menuselection:`Subscriptions app -->
Configuration --> Automation Rules`. This is where all the automation rules for subscriptions can be
found.

The :guilabel:`Automation Rules` page shows each rule's :guilabel:`Name`, :guilabel:`Action To Do`,
what the automated rule will :guilabel:`Trigger On`, and the :guilabel:`Company` to which the rule
applies.

To view or modify any existing automation rule, simply click the desired rule from this page.

.. note::
   When modifying an existing automation rule, Odoo "grays-out" the :guilabel:`Action` section of
   the form, and provides the following warning: *Action data can not be updated to avoid unexpected
   behaviors. Create a new action instead.*

To create a new automation rule, click :guilabel:`New`.

> .. image:: automatic_alerts/automation-rules-page.png

Reviewer 3: Indent the `:align:` and `:alt:` image attributes please :)
```suggestion
.. image:: automatic_alerts/automation-rules-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Automation Rules page in the Odoo Subscriptions application.
```

  :align: center
  :alt: The Automation Rules page in the Odoo Subscriptions application.

Clicking :guilabel:`New` reveals a blank :guilabel:`Automation Rules` form with numerous fields to
configure.

> .. image:: automatic_alerts/automation-rules-form.png

Reviewer 3: Indent attributes here too please
```suggestion
.. image:: automatic_alerts/automation-rules-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A sample Automation Rules form in the Odoo Subscriptions application.
```

  :align: center
  :alt: A sample Automation Rules form in the Odoo Subscriptions application.

Automation rule form fields
---------------------------

- :guilabel:`Action Name`: title of the automated action rule.

> Apply on
> ~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: Add "section" to the heading so it is consistent with the other headings
```suggestion
Apply On section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

  rule.
- :guilabel:`Products`: select specific product(s) to target with the automation rule.
- :guilabel:`Customers`: select specific customer(s) to target with the automation rule.
- :guilabel:`Company`: in a multi-company environment, select a specific company's subscription data
  to target with the automation rule.
- :guilabel:`Sales Team`: select the data of specific sales team(s) to target with the automation
  rule.

.. note::
   If any field is left blank, the rule applies to every subscription without that specific
   designation.

.. tip::
   The number of subscriptions that match the configured criteria of the customized automation rule
   are displayed at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Apply On` field.

   If that green subscriptions link is clicked, Odoo reveals a separate page showcasing all the
   subscriptions that meet that automation rule's criteria.

Action section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :guilabel:`Action` section dictates what action occurs when an automated rule is triggered.

In the :guilabel:`Action To Do` field, choose the action that will occur once the automated rule is
triggered. When clicked, the following options become available on a drop-down menu:

>   - :guilabel:`Create next activity`: creates the next activity to occur, which is configured in the
>     :guilabel:`Activity` section that appears at the bottom of the automation rule form.
>   - :guilabel:`Send an email to the customer`: sends an email to the customer(s) who fit the
>     specified criteria of the automation rule.
>   - :guilabel:`Send an SMS Text Message to the customer`: sends an SMS message to the customer(s)
>     who fit the specified criteria of the automation rule.
>   - :guilabel:`Set Contract Health value`: set the health value of the subscription contract.

Reviewer 3: No need for these bullets to be indented, please scoot them back :)
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Create next activity`: creates the next activity to occur, which is configured in the
  :guilabel:`Activity` section that appears at the bottom of the automation rule form.
- :guilabel:`Send an email to the customer`: sends an email to the customer(s) who fit the specified
  criteria of the automation rule.
- :guilabel:`Send an SMS Text Message to the customer`: sends an SMS message to the customer(s) who
  fit the specified criteria of the automation rule.
- :guilabel:`Set Contract Health value`: set the health value of the subscription contract.
```

If :guilabel:`Send an email to the customer` is selected in the :guilabel:`Action To Do` field, the
following field appears:

>   - :guilabel:`Email Template`: create (and edit) a new email template *or* select from a list of
>     pre-configured email templates to send to the customer(s).
> 
> If :guilabel:`Send an SMS Text Message to the customer` is selected in the :guilabel:`Action To Do`
> field, the following field appears:
> 
>   - :guilabel:`SMS Template`: create (and edit) a new SMS template *or* select from a list of
>     pre-configured SMS templates to send to the customer(s).
> 
> If :guilabel:`Set Contract Health value` is selected in the :guilabel:`Action To Do` field, the
> following field appears:
> 
>   - :guilabel:`Health`: designate the health of the subscription by choosing one of the following
>     options: :guilabel:`Neutral`, :guilabel:`Good`, or :guilabel:`Bad`.

Reviewer 3: No need for these bullets to be indented either
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Email Template`: create (and edit) a new email template *or* select from a list of
  pre-configured email templates to send to the customer(s).

If :guilabel:`Send an SMS Text Message to the customer` is selected in the :guilabel:`Action To Do`
field, the following field appears:

- :guilabel:`SMS Template`: create (and edit) a new SMS template *or* select from a list of
  pre-configured SMS templates to send to the customer(s).

If :guilabel:`Set Contract Health value` is selected in the :guilabel:`Action To Do` field, the
following field appears:

- :guilabel:`Health`: designate the health of the subscription by choosing one of the following
  options: :guilabel:`Neutral`, :guilabel:`Good`, or :guilabel:`Bad`.
```
